Remove Store RPC from chain history spec (#75)
ethereum/stateless-ethereum-specs: history-network.md

### Storing Content

> To store a piece of content with key `content-id`, a node performs a lookup to find the `k` closest nodes with radii that contain `content-id`. Then the node sends `Offer` RPCs to those nodes. For any node that responds to the `Offer` RPC with a `Accept` RPC, the local node attempts to transmit the content over the uTP connection with the `connection-id` from the `Accept` RPC.

Reviewer: Nitpick: I think that nowhere else in the specs the term RPC is used. It is typically `message`, `protocol messages` or `request/response message`. For consistency and thus clarity, lets avoid the term RPC. 

```suggestion
To store a piece of content with key `content-key`, a node performs a lookup to find the `k` closest nodes with radii that contain `content-id`. Then the node sends `Offer` messages to those nodes. For any node that responds to the `Offer` message with an `Accept` message, the local node attempts to transmit the content over the uTP connection with the `connection-id` from the `Accept` message.
```

Author: I don't think we would want to change `content-id` to `content-key` here. The naming is unfortunate but `content-id` is the "key" for the data in the DHT as described in the "content: keys and values" section.

Reviewer: > I don't think we would want to change `content-id` to `content-key` here. The naming is unfortunate but `content-id` is the "key" for the data in the DHT as described in the "content: keys and values" section.

Right, I get it now that you mean DHT key, this naming is indeed unfortunate and confusing. I know it is somewhat explained above but could still be repeated perhaps like this then:

```suggestion
To store a piece of content with DHT key `content-id`, a node performs a lookup to find the `k` closest nodes with radii that contain `content-id`. Then the node sends an `Offer` message to those nodes. For any node that responds to the `Offer` message with an `Accept` message, the local node attempts to transmit the content over the uTP connection with the `connection-id` from the `Accept` message.
```

> The network cannot make guarantees about the storage of particular content. A lazy node may ignore all `Offer` RPCs. A malicious node may send `Accept` RPCs and ignore the data transmissions. The offer-accept mechanism is in place to require that nodes explicitly accept some data before another node attempts to transmit that data. The mechanism prevents the unnecessary consumption of bandwidth in the presence of lazy nodes. However, it does not defend against malicious nodes who accept offers for data with no intent to store it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The network cannot make guarantees about the storage of particular content. A lazy node may ignore all `Offer` messages. A malicious node may send `Accept` messages and ignore the data transmissions. The offer-accept mechanism is in place to require that nodes explicitly accept some data before another node attempts to transmit that data. The mechanism prevents the unnecessary consumption of bandwidth in the presence of lazy nodes. However, it does not defend against malicious nodes who accept offers for data with no intent to store it.
```

idem ^
